When I was growing up,
my parents always used to say:
“Pray about your spiritual goals.
“Work hard.
And then let Jehovah do the rest.”
So that’s what I did.
And wow, did Jehovah pour out the blessings!
I even got invited
to a branch construction project.
And I was pretty excited
at first.
Don’t get me wrong.
It was a privilege to be there,
but the work was harder
than I thought it would be.
There were a lot of new skills to learn.
And I have to admit,
I really wanted to impress my overseer.
So I pushed hard,
maybe a little too hard.
Do you see all that up there?
That all needs to come down.
OK.
Do you think you can wrap this up
before tomorrow?
Sure thing. I’m on it.
You can grab Jin and Young
to give you a hand with the lift.
Jin’s a pro; he’ll help you out.
Got it.
The job didn’t look that hard.
And, I mean, I had the training.
So if I had waited for them,
there was no way
we were going to get this done today.
The fact is, I had caused some real damage,
and I made more work for everyone.
Ian, are you OK?
Yes, I’m fine.
Do you have a minute to talk in my office?
Yeah.
I felt like such a loser.
The brothers talked to me,
and they were nice about it.
But I was still left thinking:
‘What am I doing here?
Maybe I should just go home.’
James 3:2 says:
“For we all stumble many times.”
But the real question is,
When we stumble
—and it is going to happen—
what should we do then?
Yes, Jake.
Well, when Dad was teaching me
to ride my bike,
I fell a lot.
And it was hard.
But I just kept getting up and trying again.
And now I can ride pretty fast!
So you just have to get back up
when you fall.
Yes, that’s right!
That was a great comment.
Wow, Jake, that’s it!
I had to swallow my pride
and just get back up.
I realized I needed to be more focused
on the seriousness of my assignment
and not so focused on myself.
And instead of trying to do
everything myself,
I set more realistic expectations
about what I could do and what I couldn’t.
I had a lot to learn.
So I kept working and learning.
And after a while,
I even got to help train
some of the new volunteers.
In the end, I was so thankful to Jehovah
for helping me understand
that in the race for life,
none of us are going to cross the finish line
without stumbling.
The important thing
is to get back up and just keep going.